[P. Diddy]
Aiyyo, you ready?
Let's do it [music starts]
Mmm, yeah, uhh..
Yeah, uhh.. c'mon

I'm the definition of, half man, half drugs
Ask the clubs, Bad Boy - that's what's up
After bucks, crush cruise after us
No gaze, we ain't laughing much
Nothing but big thangs, check the hitlist
How we twist shit, what change but the name?
We still here, you rocking wit the best
Don't worry if I write rhymes, I write checks (ahh!)
Who's the boss?  Dudes is lost
Don't think cause I'm iced out, I'm gonna cool off
Who else but me? (who else?) And if you don't feel me
that mean you can't touch me, it's ugly, trust me
Get it right dawg, we ain't ever left
We just, moved in silence and rep to the death (yeah)
It's official, I survived what I been through
Y'all got drama, "The Saga Continues..."

[Chorus]
We ain't, go-in nowhere, we ain't, going nowhere
We can't be stopped now, cause it's Bad Boy for life
We ain't, go-in nowhere, we ain't, going nowhere
We can't be stopped now, cause it's Bad Boy for life

[Black Rob]
Aiyyo strait from the Harlem streets
I don't play, I push it down wit the Harlem Heat (uh-huh)
All a sudden niggas got a problem wit me (Black, what happened?)
They run around acting like the black don't care eat
And you know what? (what?) For some strange reason (uhh)
I want this medication full of deranged eating
For y'all to put the word out (c'mon, c'mon) we ain't leaving
We trying to be rich before we do stop breathing
Then fall (what?) we kinda hustle lanes
Stay laying down on muscle games (c'mon)
Still turn niggas dreams to flames (yeah)
You got the wire, if not I ain't saying no more names
You soon expire; (heh) no pain (nuh-uh)
I feel remorse, the shit causes me and Diddy up first
Racing Porsches wit the beat swing vaul exhausters [screeching] (yeah)
On the cover of ya five (hehe) XXL's or (yeah) Source's (c'mon) bitch

[Chorus]

[Mark Curry]
Yeah, yeah, yo, yeah
It ain't shit changed, since the Notorious (We miss you B.I.G.)
See everything still glorious (yeah)
We still got Oreos, still be the victorious (that's right)
See it's a lot of them, but it's more of us
Still got cash to blow, raps that flow
Still them cats that know, pack ya flow
That's fo' sho', bottles that pop
Joints that rock, play the background
Hand 'em a jock, hold 'em a glock (hahaha)
Money to get (yeah), cars to flip (uhh)
Bars to sit at and sip Cognac wit Jews that drink (c'mon)
Hoes to see (uhh), make sure they knowing it's me (they know ya shit)
Drop that beat, can't believe that I MC (haha)
Bad Boy 'til the casket drop (Bad Boy)
Gotta love it, place nuttin above it (nuttin)
It's on like that (c'mon), don't believe, we ain't going like that
We're always gonna be here (yeah)
We there (uhh) every motherfucking year!

[Chorus - 2X]

[P. Diddy over Chorus]
Bad Boy.. we ain't going nowhere
Uh-huh.. uh-huh.. what?
We ain't going nowhere.. we gonna stay right here
For ever, and ever, and ever, and ever.. c'mon
We ain't going nowhere.. we gonna stay right here
We ain't going nowhere.. we gonna stay right here
Yeah, uh-huh.. uh-huh, uh-huh
Cause it's Bad Boy for life!